What is JavaScript?
Advanteges and disadvanteges of Java sciptt?
What is speciality of JavaScript?

What is Variable in JavaScript?
How many way to declair Variable in JavaScript?
Difference between  var, let and const?
Can we have declair variable without var, let and const? If it's true so how can stop it? 
What is Data type in JavaScript?
How many types of data type in JavaScript?

What is Function?
Explain the purpose of using functions in programming.
Differentiate between function declaration and function expression.
How many types of function in JavaScript
How many way to define a function in JavaScript?
What are the components of a function definition?
What is a return statement in a function?
Difference between Arguments and parameter?
How many types of function behaviour?
Describe the concept of function scope.
What is function hoisting?
What is Callback function?
What is Arrow function and it's advantages?
What are the advantages of using named functions over anonymous functions?
How can you invoke/call a function in JavaScript?
Explain the concept of recursion in functions.
How do you pass arguments to a function?
Describe the concept of higher-order functions.
What are default parameters in functions? Provide an example.
What is the difference between function overloading and function overriding?
Explain the concept of pure functions.
How do arrow functions differ from regular functions in JavaScript?
Describe the concept of closures in JavaScript functions.

Js mai string kaise define karte he.?
Js me semicolon Compulsory hota he ya Optional?
Js me variable kitni tarah se declare hota he?
Js me "use strict" mode karne par code kya kya limitations ko follow karta he.
let or var me kya difference he?
const ko variable bol skte he?
Variable hoisting kya he?
Explain kijiye Definition, declaration, Initialization ko.
Js me string kya he?
String index kaha se start hota he?
String index me space count hota he?
Explain all String k methods.
Kisi Variable ka data type check karne k liye konsa operator use karte he?
Js me kitne Data types hote he?
Js me truthy values kya he?
Js me falsy values kya he?
Template String kya he ise kaise impliment karte he?
String Concatination kya he or ise kaise impliment karte he?
difference bataye == Vs === and  != Vs !==
Js me string ko number and nmumber ko string me kaise convert karte he?
Js me kitne Iterative Control instruction he?
Js me kitne Decision Control instruction he?
Js me Switch Case Control instruction hota he?
Js prompt() function kya he or iski kya limitations he?
Js me Array kya he?
Js me Array ko kitne tarike se Initializ kar sakte he?
Array prototype kya he?
Explain all Array method?
Difference between push pop and shift unshift?
Array ka type check karne k liye konsa operator use karte he?
Difference between Primitives and Reference Type?
Array ko copy or clone kaise karte he?
Array ary const se bana he to push karne pr uski value change q hoti he?
Array pr while loop, for loop, for in loop, for of loop use karne pr kya difference dekhne ko milte he?
Array Destructuring kya?
Js me object kya he?
Js me object kitni tarah se initialize karte he?
Js me Object se data access karne k kitne tarike he or unme kya difference he?
js me object ko kitne tarike se Iterate kar sakte he?
Js me object computed property kya he?
What is spread operator and it's limitations?
What is Object Destructuring?
What is Nested Destructuring?
Js me function kya he or ye kitne type k hote he?
Explan each type of function?
Function behaviour kya he or kitne type k hote he?
Function Hoisting kya he?
Difference between arguments and parameter?
Default parameter kya hota he?
Function Closure kya hota he? 
Nested Function kya hota he?